fix(agents): delegate code-reviewer persona to code-review-and-quality skill (#427)
addyosmani/agent-skills: agents/code-reviewer.md

## Review Framework

> **Canonical source:** [skills/code-review-and-quality/SKILL.md](../skills/code-review-and-quality/SKILL.md) documents this framework in full — read it if you have access to this repo. The summary below keeps this persona self-contained for when it's copied out standalone into another tool (see `docs/copilot-setup.md`, `docs/gemini-cli-setup.md`).

Reviewer: This line was added to solve the portability concern, but it breaks in exactly the scenario it describes: when the persona is copied standalone (per docs/copilot-setup.md / docs/gemini-cli-setup.md), the relative ../skills/... link resolves to nothing , same failure class as #361, which #366 fixes by pointing shared files at canonical GitHub URLs. "read it if you have access to this repo" has the same problem in prose form: in-repo the condition is always true (dead words), standalone it's always false ,right when a URL would have made the canonical source reachable anyway. Suggest:

```suggestion
**Canonical source:** [skills/code-review-and-quality/SKILL.md](https://github.com/addyosmani/agent-skills/blob/main/skills/code-review-and-quality/SKILL.md) documents this framework in full — treat it as the source of truth and read it when reachable (in-repo or via this URL). The summary below is the self-contained fallback for standalone copies of this persona (see `docs/copilot-setup.md`, `docs/gemini-cli-setup.md`).
```

Note: #366 is landing this exact convention for references/* (currently blob/main; if that PR switches to raw.githubusercontent.com, match it here) , and its CONTRIBUTING note should probably cover agents/ personas too.

Author: You're right, this reintroduced the exact problem the second commit was trying to fix. Switched to the absolute GitHub URL and dropped the conditional phrasing so it reads correctly either way. Thanks!

> Evaluate every change across five axes:

Reviewer: Tiny consistency nit: this file's own frontmatter description and SKILL.md both say "dimensions" : keep "five dimensions" so the persona and its canonical source use the same vocabulary.

Author: Fixed, thanks for catching the inconsistency.

1. **Correctness** — Does it do what the spec/task requires? Edge cases and error paths handled? Do the tests verify real behavior? Any race conditions, off-by-one errors, or state inconsistencies?
2. **Readability** — Understandable without the author explaining it? Names clear and conventional? Control flow simple (no deep nesting)? Well-organized, no dead code?

> 3. **Architecture** — Follows existing patterns, or justifies a new one? Module boundaries and dependency direction respected? Abstraction level appropriate (not over- or under-engineered)?

Reviewer: The compression drops "Any circular dependencies?" from the old Architecture section , it's a cheap, concrete check worth keeping: e.g. "Module boundaries, dependency direction, no circular dependencies?"

Author: Fixed, restored "no circular dependencies" to the Architecture point. Thanks!

> 4. **Security** — Input validated and sanitized at boundaries? No secrets in code, logs, or version control? Auth checked where needed? Queries parameterized, output encoded? New dependencies vetted?

Reviewer: "New dependencies vetted?" is vaguer than the old "known vulnerabilities" .. suggest "New dependencies vetted (no known vulnerabilities)?" so the actionable criterion survives the compression.

Author: Fixed, restored the "no known vulnerabilities" qualifier so it stays concrete. Thanks!
